And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house
And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.
And those that do pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of Issachar
And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.
Then the tribe of Zebulun
And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.
All that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These shall first set forth.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies
And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.
And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe of Simeon
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.
Then the tribe of Gad
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.
All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank.
Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp
On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hundred.
And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.
Then the tribe of Benjamin
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.
All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank.
The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred.
And those that encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.
Then the tribe of Naphtali
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
All they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards.
These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers
But the Levites were not numbered among the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.
And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses
