And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers' house, all that are able to go to war in Israel.
And Moses and Eleazar the priest spake with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt.
Reuben, the eldest son of Israel
Of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites
These are the families of the Reubenites
And the sons of Pallu; Eliab.
And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This is that Dathan and Abiram, which were famous in the congregation, who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when they strove against the LORD
And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up together with Korah, when that company died, what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men
Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not.
The sons of Simeon after their families
Of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites
These are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred.
The children of Gad after their families
Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites
Of Arod, the family of the Arodites
These are the families of the children of Gad according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred.
The sons of Judah were Er and Onan
And the sons of Judah after their families were; of Shelah, the family of the Shelanites
And the sons of Pharez were; of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites
These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred.
Of the sons of Issachar after their families
Of Jashub, the family of the Jashubites
These are the families of Issachar according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and four thousand and three hundred.
Of the sons of Zebulun after their families
These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred.
The sons of Joseph after their families were Manasseh and Ephraim.
Of the sons of Manasseh
These are the sons of Gilead
And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites
And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites
And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons, but daughters
These are the families of Manasseh, and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred.
These are the sons of Ephraim after their families
And these are the sons of Shuthelah
These are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those that were numbered of them, thirty and two thousand and five hundred. These are the sons of Joseph after their families.
The sons of Benjamin after their families
Of Shupham, the family of the Shuphamites
And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman
These are the sons of Benjamin after their families
These are the sons of Dan after their families
All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred.
Of the children of Asher after their families
Of the sons of Beriah
And the name of the daughter of Asher was Sarah.
These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
Of the sons of Naphtali after their families
Of Jezer, the family of the Jezerites
These are the families of Naphtali according to their families
These were the numbered of the children of Israel, six hundred thousand and a thousand seven hundred and thirty.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names.
To many thou shalt give the more inheritance, and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance
Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot
According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few.
And these are they that were numbered of the Levites after their families
These are the families of the Levites
And the name of Amram's wife was Jochebed, the daughter of Levi, whom her mother bare to Levi in Egypt
And unto Aaron was born Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
And Nadab and Abihu died, when they offered strange fire before the LORD.
And those that were numbered of them were twenty and three thousand, all males from a month old and upward
These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest, who numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
But among these there was not a man of them whom Moses and Aaron the priest numbered, when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai.
For the LORD had said of them, They shall surely die in the wilderness. And there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
