And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite
So every man of Israel went up from after David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri
And David came to his house at Jerusalem; and the king took the ten women his concubines, whom he had left to keep the house, and put them in ward, and fed them, but went not in unto them. So they were shut up unto the day of their death, living in widowhood.
Then said the king to Amasa, Assemble me the men of Judah within three days, and be thou here present.
So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah
And David said to Abishai, Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom
And there went out after him Joab's men, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and all the mighty men
When they were at the great stone which is in Gibeon, Amasa went before them. And Joab's garment that he had put on was girded unto him, and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he went forth it fell out.
And Joab said to Amasa, Art thou in health, my brother? And Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right hand to kiss him.
But Amasa took no heed to the sword that was in Joab's hand
And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoureth Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab.
And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still.
When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.
And he went through all the tribes of Israel unto Abel, and to Bethmaachah, and all the Berites
And they came and besieged him in Abel of Bethmaachah, and they cast up a bank against the city, and it stood in the trench
Then cried a wise woman out of the city, Hear, hear; say, I pray you, unto Joab, Come near hither, that I may speak with thee.
And when he was come near unto her, the woman said, Art thou Joab? And he answered, I am he. Then she said unto him, Hear the words of thine handmaid. And he answered, I do hear.
Then she spake, saying, They were wont to speak in old time, saying, They shall surely ask counsel at Abel
I am one of them that are peaceable and faithful in Israel
And Joab answered and said, Far be it, far be it from me, that I should swallow up or destroy.
The matter is not so
Then the woman went unto all the people in her wisdom. And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab. And he blew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his tent. And Joab returned to Jerusalem unto the king.
Now Joab was over all the host of Israel
And Adoram was over the tribute
And Sheva was scribe
And Ira also the Jairite was a chief ruler about David.
