So king Solomon was king over all Israel.
And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the priest,
Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, the recorder.
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host
And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers
And Ahishar was over the household
And Solomon had twelve officers over all Israel, which provided victuals for the king and his household
And these are their names
The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan
The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of Hepher
The son of Abinadab, in all the region of Dor; which had Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife
Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam
The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars
Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim
Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife
Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth
Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar
Shimei the son of Elah, in Benjamin
Geber the son of Uri was in the country of Gilead, in the country of Sihon king of the Amorites, and of Og king of Bashan; and he was the only officer which was in the land.
Judah and Israel were many, as the sand which is by the sea in multitude, eating and drinking, and making merry.
And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the Philistines, and unto the border of Egypt
And Solomon's provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour, and threescore measures of meal,
Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl.
For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river
And Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon.
And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen.
And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came unto king Solomon's table, every man in his month
Barley also and straw for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the place where the officers were, every man according to his charge.
And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore.
And Solomon's wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt.
For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol
And he spake three thousand proverbs
And he spake of trees, from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall
And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.
