Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.
I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing
I am weary of my crying
They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head
O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.
Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake
Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.
I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and an alien unto my mother's children.
For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them that reproached thee are fallen upon me.
When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.
I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to them.
They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards.
But as for me, my prayer is unto thee, O LORD, in an acceptable time
Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink
Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, and let not the pit shut her mouth upon me.
Hear me, O LORD; for thy lovingkindness is good
And hide not thy face from thy servant; for I am in trouble
Draw nigh unto my soul, and redeem it
Thou hast known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonour
Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness
They gave me also gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.
Let their table become a snare before them
Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins continually to shake.
Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them.
Let their habitation be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents.
For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the grief of those whom thou hast wounded.
Add iniquity unto their iniquity
Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.
But I am poor and sorrowful
I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving.
This also shall please the LORD better than an ox or bullock that hath horns and hoofs.
The humble shall see this, and be glad
For the LORD heareth the poor, and despiseth not his prisoners.
Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth therein.
For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of Judah
The seed also of his servants shall inherit it
