Bless the LORD, O my soul. O LORD my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honour and majesty.
Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment
Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters
Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire
Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever.
Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment
At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away.
They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto the place which thou hast founded for them.
Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they turn not again to cover the earth.
He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills.
They give drink to every beast of the field
By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches.
He watereth the hills from his chambers
He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man
And wine that maketh glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to shine, and bread which strengtheneth man's heart.
The trees of the LORD are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he hath planted;
Where the birds make their nests
The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies.
He appointed the moon for seasons
Thou makest darkness, and it is night
The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat from God.
The sun ariseth, they gather themselves together, and lay them down in their dens.
Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening.
O LORD, how manifold are thy works! in wisdom hast thou made them all
So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts.
There go the ships
These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season.
That thou givest them they gather
Thou hidest thy face, they are troubled
Thou sendest forth thy spirit, they are created
The glory of the LORD shall endure for ever
He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth
I will sing unto the LORD as long as I live
My meditation of him shall be sweet
Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no more. Bless thou the LORD, O my soul. Praise ye the LORD.
