The king's heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water
Every way of a man is right in his own eyes
To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice.
An high look, and a proud heart, and the plowing of the wicked, is sin.
The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness; but of every one that is hasty only to want.
The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to and fro of them that seek death.
The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do judgment.
The way of man is froward and strange
It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house.
The soul of the wicked desireth evil
When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise
The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked
Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard.
A gift in secret pacifieth anger
It is joy to the just to do judgment
The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead.
He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man
The wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous, and the transgressor for the upright.
It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an angry woman.
There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wise; but a foolish man spendeth it up.
He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righteousness, and honour.
A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof.
Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles.
Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath.
The desire of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour.
He coveteth greedily all the day long
The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination
A false witness shall perish
A wicked man hardeneth his face
There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD.
The horse is prepared against the day of battle
