Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity, than he that is perverse in his lips, and is a fool.
Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth.
The foolishness of man perverteth his way
Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour.
A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall not escape.
Many will intreat the favour of the prince
All the brethren of the poor do hate him
He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul
A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall perish.
Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over princes.
The discretion of a man deferreth his anger; and it is his glory to pass over a transgression.
The king's wrath is as the roaring of a lion; but his favour is as dew upon the grass.
A foolish son is the calamity of his father
House and riches are the inheritance of fathers
Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger.
He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die.
He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD; and that which he hath given will he pay him again.
Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying.
A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment
Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end.
There are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand.
The desire of a man is his kindness
The fear of the LORD tendeth to life
A slothful man hideth his hand in his bosom, and will not so much as bring it to his mouth again.
Smite a scorner, and the simple will beware
He that wasteth his father, and chaseth away his mother, is a son that causeth shame, and bringeth reproach.
Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge.
An ungodly witness scorneth judgment
Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools.
