A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.
It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting
Sorrow is better than laughter
The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth.
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools.
For as the crackling of thorns under a pot, so is the laughter of the fool
Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the heart.
Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof
Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry
Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this.
Wisdom is good with an inheritance
For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence
Consider the work of God
In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider
All things have I seen in the days of my vanity
Be not righteous over much; neither make thyself over wise
Be not over much wicked, neither be thou foolish
It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this withdraw not thine hand
Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city.
For there is not a just man upon earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not.
Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou hear thy servant curse thee
For oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others.
All this have I proved by wisdom
That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?
I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and the reason of things, and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness
And I find more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands
Behold, this have I found, saith the preacher, counting one by one, to find out the account
Which yet my soul seeketh, but I find not
Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions.
