The word that the LORD spake against Babylon and against the land of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the prophet.
Declare ye among the nations, and publish, and set up a standard; publish, and conceal not
For out of the north there cometh up a nation against her, which shall make her land desolate, and none shall dwell therein
In those days, and in that time, saith the LORD, the children of Israel shall come, they and the children of Judah together, going and weeping
They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying, Come, and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten.
My people hath been lost sheep
All that found them have devoured them
Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks.
For, lo, I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country
And Chaldea shall be a spoil
Because ye were glad, because ye rejoiced, O ye destroyers of mine heritage, because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass, and bellow as bulls;
Your mother shall be sore confounded; she that bare you shall be ashamed
Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited, but it shall be wholly desolate
Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about
Shout against her round about
Cut off the sower from Babylon, and him that handleth the sickle in the time of harvest
Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have driven him away
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his land, as I have punished the king of Assyria.
And I will bring Israel again to his habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead.
In those days, and in that time, saith the LORD, the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for, and there shall be none; and the sins of Judah, and they shall not be found
Go up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants of Pekod
A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction.
How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken! how is Babylon become a desolation among the nations!
I have laid a snare for thee, and thou art also taken, O Babylon, and thou wast not aware
The LORD hath opened his armoury, and hath brought forth the weapons of his indignation
Come against her from the utmost border, open her storehouses
Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to the slaughter
The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of Babylon, to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God, the vengeance of his temple.
Call together the archers against Babylon
Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD.
Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the Lord GOD of hosts
And the most proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together
Their Redeemer is strong; the LORD of hosts is his name
A sword is upon the Chaldeans, saith the LORD, and upon the inhabitants of Babylon, and upon her princes, and upon her wise men.
A sword is upon the liars; and they shall dote
A sword is upon their horses, and upon their chariots, and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her; and they shall become as women
A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up
Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there, and the owls shall dwell therein
As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD; so shall no man abide there, neither shall any son of man dwell therein.
Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.
They shall hold the bow and the lance
The king of Babylon hath heard the report of them, and his hands waxed feeble
Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong
Therefore hear ye the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Babylon; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans
At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations.
