The word of the LORD which came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Gentiles;
Against Egypt, against the army of Pharaohnecho king of Egypt, which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah.
Order ye the buckler and shield, and draw near to battle.
Harness the horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines.
Wherefore have I seen them dismayed and turned away back? and their mighty ones are beaten down, and are fled apace, and look not back
Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates.
Who is this that cometh up as a flood, whose waters are moved as the rivers?
Egypt riseth up like a flood, and his waters are moved like the rivers; and he saith, I will go up, and will cover the earth; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof.
Come up, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the shield; and the Lydians, that handle and bend the bow.
For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts, a day of vengeance, that he may avenge him of his adversaries
Go up into Gilead, and take balm, O virgin, the daughter of Egypt
The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land
The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt.
Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes
Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them.
He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon another
They did cry there, Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise; he hath passed the time appointed.
As I live, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts, Surely as Tabor is among the mountains, and as Carmel by the sea, so shall he come.
O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity
Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it cometh out of the north.
Also her hired men are in the midst of her like fatted bullocks; for they also are turned back, and are fled away together
The voice thereof shall go like a serpent; for they shall march with an army, and come against her with axes, as hewers of wood.
They shall cut down her forest, saith the LORD, though it cannot be searched; because they are more than the grasshoppers, and are innumerable.
The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north.
The LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saith; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him
And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his servants
But fear not thou, O my servant Jacob, and be not dismayed, O Israel
Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD
