How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger, and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger!
The LORD hath swallowed up all the habitations of Jacob, and hath not pitied
He hath cut off in his fierce anger all the horn of Israel
He hath bent his bow like an enemy
The LORD was as an enemy
And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle, as if it were of a garden
The LORD hath cast off his altar, he hath abhorred his sanctuary, he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn feast.
The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion
Her gates are sunk into the ground; he hath destroyed and broken her bars
The elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and keep silence
Mine eyes do fail with tears, my bowels are troubled, my liver is poured upon the earth, for the destruction of the daughter of my people; because the children and the sucklings swoon in the streets of the city.
They say to their mothers, Where is corn and wine? when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' bosom.
What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to thee, that I may comfort thee, O virgin daughter of Zion? for thy breach is great like the sea
Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things for thee
All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they hiss and wag their head at the daughter of Jerusalem, saying, Is this the city that men call The perfection of beauty, The joy of the whole earth?
All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee
The LORD hath done that which he had devised; he hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old
Their heart cried unto the LORD, O wall of the daughter of Zion, let tears run down like a river day and night
Arise, cry out in the night
Behold, O LORD, and consider to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women eat their fruit, and children of a span long? shall the priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the Lord?
The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets
Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained
