These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.
They shall put you out of the synagogues
And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.
But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you.
But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?
But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart.
Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away
And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment
Of sin, because they believe not on me;
Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;
Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.
I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth
He shall glorify me
All things that the Father hath are mine
A little while, and ye shall not see me
Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me
They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.
Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me
Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice
A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come
And ye now therefore have sorrow
And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.
Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name
These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs
At that day ye shall ask in my name
For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.
I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world
His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.
Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee
Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?
Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone
These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation
